More didactic documentation (#356)
elixir-grpc/grpc: README.md

## Usage

> 1. Write your protobuf file like as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Write your protobuf file:
```

```protobuf
syntax = "proto3";

package helloworld;

// The request message containing the user's name.
message HelloRequest {
  string name = 1;
}

> // The response message containing the greetings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The response message containing the greeting
```

message HelloReply {
  string message = 1;
}

// The greeting service definition.
service Greeter {

>   // Sends a greeting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Greeting function
```

  intercept GRPC.Server.Interceptors.Logger
  run Helloworld.Greeter.Server
end
```

> We will use this module [later](#start-application) during gRPC server startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will use this module [in the gRPC server startup section](#start-application).
```

    option (google.api.http) = {
      get: "/v1/greeter/{name}"
    };
  }

  rpc SayHelloFrom (HelloRequestFrom) returns (HelloReply) {
    option (google.api.http) = {
      post: "/v1/greeter"
      body: "*"
    };
  }
}
```

2. Add protoc plugin dependency and compile your protos using [protobuf_generate](https://github.com/drowzy/protobuf_generate) hex [package](https://hex.pm/packages/protobuf_generate):

In mix.exs:

```elixir
def deps do
  [
    {:grpc, "~> 0.7"},
    {:protobuf_generate, "~> 0.1.1"}
  ]
end
```

And in your terminal:

```shell
mix protobuf.generate \
  --include-path=priv/proto \
  --include-path=deps/googleapis \
  --generate-descriptors=true \
  --output-path=./lib \
  --plugins=ProtobufGenerate.Plugins.GRPCWithOptions \
  google/api/annotations.proto google/api/http.proto helloworld.proto
```

3. Enable http_transcode option in your Server module
```elixir
defmodule Helloworld.Greeter.Server do
  use GRPC.Server, 
    service: Helloworld.Greeter.Service,
    http_transcode: true

  @spec say_hello(Helloworld.HelloRequest.t, GRPC.Server.Stream.t) :: Helloworld.HelloReply.t
  def say_hello(request, _stream) do

>     Helloworld.HelloReply.new(message: "Hello #{request.name}")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    %Helloworld.HelloReply{message: "Hello #{request.name}"}
```

...
```

> Check more [examples](examples) and [interop](interop) (Interoperability Test) for some examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the [examples](examples) and [interop](interop) directories in the project's source code for some examples.
```
